ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/devinfra/index.md

# Developer Infrastruture Team

<img align="right" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23356519/166327839-472252c9-e3aa-460e-8c11-5655b0451ae2.png" height="300" alt="Sourcegraph Developer Infrastructure temporary team logo"></img>

The Developer Infrastructure team, or DevInfra for short, is a team focused on improving the developer experience of Sourcegraph.

Need DevInfra help or support? Jump to the [Contact section](#contact).

## Leadership

{{generator:product_team_leads.ship_devinfra}}

## Members

{{generator:product_team.ship_devinfra}}

## Strategy

> Find out more about the Developer Infrastructure team's mission, vision, and strategic plans in our [Strategy page](../../../../strategy-goals/strategy/dev-experience/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out more about the Developer Infrastructure team's mission, vision, and strategic plans in our [Strategy page](../../../../strategy-goals/strategy/devinfra/index.md).
```
